[niconico] Rewrite NiconicoIE (#3018)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

#### vikichannel
* `video_types`: Types of videos to download - one or more of `episodes`, `movies`, `clips`, `trailers`

#### niconico

> * `segment_duration` *1: Changes segment duration (in **milliseconds**) for DMC formats. Only have effects for HLS formats. Use it at your own risk since this feature **may result in your account termination.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `segment_duration`: Segment duration in milliseconds for HLS-DMC formats. Use it at your own risk since this feature **may result in your account termination.**
```

NOTE: These options may be changed/removed in the future without concern for backward compatibility

> *1: **Warning**: Using this feature may result in your account termination. Use it at your own risk.

Reviewer: just move it alongside the option description

#### niconico
* `segment_duration`: Segment duration in milliseconds for DMC (HLS) formats. Use it at your own risk since this feature **may result in your account termination**

> *1: **READ CAREFULLY**: Using it will make non-standard DMC request(s). You may be being banned of your account or IP address by using it. Use it at your own risk.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*1: **Warning**: Using this feature may result in your account termination. Use it at your own risk.

```
IMO warnings should be as short as possible.
That being said, we both know no will be reading this anways 😅
